TUTORIAL

	Battle for Benevolence is a single-player RPG that uses graphs to generate
a series of rooms with different types of enemies. To win, the player needs to defeat
all the enemies in each of the rooms. There will be 10 rooms generated, ending with
a boss room, but the map can create any number of dead ends and false paths as well.
There are multiple different types of enemies the player will encounter, those being
globs (light enemies), snipers (medium, long range enemies), bruisers (heavy but slow
enemies,) and the boss. The game is won by defeating all enemies including the boss.
If enemies deal enough damage to the player, they die and the game is lost.

	There are two ways the game can be played. In the GAME folder, there is a
downloadable version of the game. However, there is a chance the game crashes. If so,
you will need to download godot 4.0, and create a new project that has the path to
where you save our GitHub folder. To play the game in the debugger menu, you will
need to go to the bottom left hand panel, and make sure that “start.tcsn” is selected
as the main scene (if it is highlighted blue, it is already set as the main scene).
To play the game, at the top right of the screen, there is a “play” button icon, where
if it sis pressed, will pull up another screen where the game can be played.


	Use the W, S, A and D keys to move your character up, down, left, and right,
respectively. To shoot, press the left button on your mouse. To move to the next room,
all enemies must be defeated. A random number of entrances and exits are generated in
each room, with some leading to dead ends. The player is able to backtrack and return
to a previously visited room. In that case, enemies will not respawn. There are two
types of doors in the game. The blue doors are where the player comes from, and the red
is where the player is going. Since it’s a maze, the player may hit dead ends and will
need to backtrack through blue doors and back into red ones. The point of the two color
doors is to keep the player from getting too lost in the maze, and finishing the game
is much easier as well.
